README.md, before:

Keep Reddit Fresh
===================

A chrome extention that hides visited reddit posts. Works with RES never ending scroll.

This extension works by automatically clicking the 'hide' link beneath reddit posts
that you've already visited. If you're using RES, there is a few seconds delay
between pressing that button and the post disappearing, giving you a chance to unhide the post.
I recommend turning that off so that posts hide instantly. You can do that by going to
https://www.reddit.com/#res:settings/betteReddit and switching the "Fix Hide Links" setting to off.

You can still manually click the 'hide' button for posts that you don't
want to bother visiting. There are also a couple settings at https://www.reddit.com/prefs/
that can hide submissions that you've upvoted or downvoted, but that's less useful
if you have this extension installed.

Thanks to https://github.com/gavin19/reddit-hide-visited which this project
was originally forked from. That extension hides posts when you click on the extension icon,
while this one hides posts automatically when reddit is loaded or when RES never ending
scroll loads a page.

Commit message:

Change manifest icon and version num, also update readme with more info.

README.md, after:

Keep Reddit Fresh
===================

A chrome extention that hides visited reddit posts. Works with RES never ending scroll.

This extension works by automatically clicking the 'hide' link beneath reddit posts
that are already in your browser history. If you're using RES, there is a few seconds delay
between pressing that button and the post disappearing, giving you a chance to unhide the post.
I recommend turning that off so that posts hide instantly. You can do that by going to
https://www.reddit.com/#res:settings/betteReddit and switching the "Fix Hide Links" setting to off.

You can view posts that have been hidden by going to https://www.reddit.com/user/<user_name>/hidden/,
making sure to change <user_name> to your reddit user name.

You can still manually click the 'hide' button for posts that you don't
want to bother visiting. There are also a couple settings at https://www.reddit.com/prefs/
that can hide submissions that you've upvoted or downvoted, but that's less useful
if you have this extension installed.

Thanks to https://github.com/gavin19/reddit-hide-visited which this project
was originally forked from. That extension hides posts when you click on the extension icon,
while this one hides posts automatically when reddit is loaded or when RES never ending
scroll loads a page.
